README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋

Note: My dotfiles repo has been privated due to security concerns. It will be public after further evaluating the situation.

<!-- Move description below to personal website + in a way that doesn't include this generic template? -->

- 🌱 I’m currently learning about p5.js and Networking.
- 💬 Ask me about game development, Lua, Rust, Bash, Python, C++, and several other tools.
- ⚡ Fun fact: I like to snowboard and ice skate.
- 📫 Reach me by creating an issue.
- 📋 There's a lot of code I should upload. Maybe one day...
- 🔭 I've created css userstyles in the past such as a [YouTube anti-distraction](https://userstyles.world/style/1651/youtube-anti-distraction) style before I knew that [Unhook](https://unhook.app/ "Unhook - Remove YouTube Recommended Videos and More") exists. Other styles [here](https://userstyles.org/users/639166). Note this requires something to inject user styles / CSS such as the [Stylus](https://github.com/openstyles/stylus#releases) extension.

---

[![FrostyNick's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=frostynick&count_private=true&theme=transparent&show_icons=true&hide=stars&hide_border=true)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
<!-- [![FrostyNick's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=frostynick&count_private=true&theme=transparent&show_icons=true&hide=stars#gh-light-mode-only)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats#gh-dark-mode-only) -->

---

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=frostynick&layout=compact&theme=transparent&langs_count=6&hide_border=true)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

<!--
**FrostyNick/FrostyNick** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Update README.md + rm note since it's public

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋

<!-- Move description below to personal website + in a way that doesn't include this generic template? -->

- 🌱 I’m currently learning about p5.js and Networking.
- 💬 Ask me about game development, Lua, Rust, Bash, Python, C++, and several other tools.
- ⚡ Fun fact: I like to snowboard and ice skate.
- 📫 Reach me by creating an issue.
- 📋 There's a lot of code I should upload. Maybe one day...
- 🔭 I've created CSS userstyles in the past such as a [YouTube anti-distraction](https://userstyles.world/style/1651/youtube-anti-distraction) style before I knew that [Unhook](https://unhook.app/ "Unhook - Remove YouTube Recommended Videos and More") existed. Other styles are on [my userstyles.org profile](https://userstyles.org/users/639166). Note this requires something to inject (CSS) user styles such as the [Stylus](https://github.com/openstyles/stylus#releases) extension.

---

[![FrostyNick's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=frostynick&count_private=true&theme=transparent&show_icons=true&hide=stars&hide_border=true)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
<!-- [![FrostyNick's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=frostynick&count_private=true&theme=transparent&show_icons=true&hide=stars#gh-light-mode-only)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats#gh-dark-mode-only) -->

---

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=frostynick&layout=compact&theme=transparent&langs_count=6&hide_border=true)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

<!--
**FrostyNick/FrostyNick** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
